This is a great value and probably truth be known a little bit under
price. People overlook the value of the process. That's kind of what's offered
here. The process, the workflow that if you just do and stick to follow the
instructions, if you just go through this to begin with it's pretty hard to
fail, I looked into a lot of the things that were purportedly a bit of a fast
track, but they were 90 days or better. And I just didn't want to spend
that kind of time. I actually wanted fast track. The very first day we were
done with it three out of the 6 IA firms that you mentioned reached out
to me. So there's the proof in the pudding right there that oh no this is
this is real you better be ready to go.